Allow to add to the existing environment in `process` instead of replacing it (#1763)
Gallopsled/pwntools: CHANGELOG.md

## 4.13.0 (`dev`)
- [#2281][2281] FIX: Getting right amount of data for search fix

> - [#1763][1763] Add env_add to the process module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1763][1763] Allow to add to the existing environment in `process` instead of replacing it
```
